I have two fathers.
Vice President Jang Soo Man.
And someone else I don't know of. My real father.
My biological father.
You don't have...
any father other than Vice President Jang Soo Man.
For the past five years since I found out that...
I'm not the son of the Jangs,
I've never talked about it with you.
(Episode 21)
Jang Eun Cheon is...
alive.
In fact,
he is...
very...
close to you.
What do you mean?
The one...
standing...
right in front of you...
I am Jang Soo Man's oldest son,
Jang Eun Cheon.
Pil Joo.
That's not funny.
I laughed not to embarrass you.
You could've...
let us leave...
after bowing at Father's funeral.
Did you have to kill us?
That's all...
your mother's fault.
If your mother...
took you...
to somewhere unknown to anyone, nothing would've happened.
How dare she...
bring her two sons there in suits?
I...
didn't want to...
live under the same sky sharing the air.
For me to survive.
I had to survive.
I ordered Secretary Oh.
First,
dump the youngest who can't swim into water.
Then...
Eun Cheon who loves his mom and brother so much...
will...
jump into the water himself.
How did you survive?
You're such a coward...
who abandoned your brother to save your own life.
Are you going to kill me?
Jung Mal Ran.
If you're scared, say you're scared.
If you want to live, say you want to live.
Beg me and be desperate.
I'm Kang Pil Joo.
I know...
everything about you...
from head to toe.
Don't act...
calm.
That's disgusting.
It wouldn't be fun...
if the reason...
I let you stay alive until now...
was to kill you with my hands.
It's for you to experience...
what my brother,
my mom, and I...
went through in the water.
My brother who barely grabbed my hand...
drowned...
because...
he couldn't breathe...
and had no strength to grab onto my hand.
And I was running out of breath,
so I got out of the water...
to breathe...
like a coward...
just like you said...
even though his brother was drowning.
Just like what you just experienced.
Suffocating.
I'll give you a chance.
Bring Jang Boo Cheon off from the chairman position.
Announce that...
he's not capable of...
leading Cheong A's future.
Then leave with him.
Why do I have to do that?
Or...
you will have to...
spend the rest of your life in prison.
Pil Joo.
The statute of limitations on your brother's death...
has expired.
I will not...
bring Boo Cheon down with my own hands.
I can't...
go to prison because the statute of limitations has expired.
If...
you're not going to kill me now,
I'll leave.
If you have anything else, come find me.
Then how about this?
Poisoning...
Oh Ki Pyung.
Do you have evidence?
The fake will that you wrote.
Also,
In case Secretary Oh didn't drink the poison,
a skilled assassin was hired as well.
The real owner of the borrowed account...
from which the money was wired to the assassin.
Of course,
it must've been laundered a couple of times,
but finding it out is a piece of cake for me.
The heaviest penalty...
for murder is capital punishment.
I am not...
going to jail.
I won't.
I don't like...
that somber prison uniform.
I can never wear such clothes.
Boo Cheon will step down...
from the chairman post anyway,
because I'll make him do so.
I gave you a chance to expiate your sins.
But if you don't want it, fine.
You'll be put in prison as well.
Prison uniform...
Since you can't stay naked there,
you'll have to wear it after all.
Let's see...
if things will go as you said.
Ms. Jung Mal Ran.
I'm warning you.
Do not get on my nerves.
If you do...
"Boo Cheon,"
"actually,"
"your biological father is..."
"Oh Ki Pyung."
This is what I'll tell him.
What Jung Mal Ran...
wants to erase...
and regrets the most...
in her life...
is the fact that she gave birth to Boo Cheon...
with Oh Ki Pyung.
The worst fear...
of Jung Mal Ran is...
that it becomes known...
to others.
Boo Cheon's father...
desperately wanted to attend his son's wedding.
On the night when he made a fuss about finding Jang Eun Cheon,
Secretary Oh was with me.
I told him...
to find Eun Cheon...
as soon as possible...
and bring him to Mal Ran.
Then...
does that mean...
Secretary Oh knew...
that you are Eun Cheon?
Then why...
Did you also threaten Secretary Oh...
that you'd tell Boo Cheon...
who his biological father is?
That's why he couldn't tell me.
Darn it.
I will...
persuade Boo Cheon...
once he calms himself down...
as he's excited...
to have just become the chairman.
So...
please forget...
about Oh Ki Pyung.
I'm begging you.
Executive Jung.
I'll give you three days.
Come up with a plan...
to drag Boo Cheon down.
(Mooshimwon)
This is unbelievable.
How dare you tell me to come and go?
I'm not asking you for obedience.
At least treat me like the chairman.
What's gotten into you?
Leave.
You're really ordering me to come and go now.
Hey,
it's you who asked me to come to see you.
Are you telling me to leave...
after such long silence?
I saw you,
so...
just leave.
You psycho.
Hey,
don't look at me like that. It really irritates me.
Go.
Come into my room.
Did something bad happen?
You look unwell.
Kang Pil Joo...
is Jang Eun Cheon, your half-brother...
who we've believed to be dead.
How did you know that?
Did...
Pil Joo...
Did you already know?
Yes, Mom.
I can't believe you two.
- Why didn't you tell me? - I didn't for your sake.
I was worried that you might pass away because of the shock.
You thought I'd die because of something like that?
I know how much Pil Joo meant to you.
Kang Pil Joo was a dog I used to raise.
What kind of an owner...
would die because the dog's name has changed?
At least try to make sense of it.
Mom.
Anyway,
that dog...
is barking because he carries the lineage of his owner.
We can't just ignore this case.
Pil Joo.
How will you handle him?
I must eliminate him.
I will decide when to throw him out.
Leave it to me.
Pil Joo...
won't be able to...
reveal your secret easily to others...
- because... - If I resign,
Yeo Cheon will fill my position.
Right. That's right.
He thinks so little of me.
But, Mom.
I think Pil Joo has...
a personal vendetta against us.
If not, he wouldn't have concealed himself for 20 years.
I...
can't even guess what it could be.
Boo Cheon.
Why did he do this?
Go and get some rest.
The best thing I've ever done for my son...
is keeping you beside him.
Just like always,
you didn't let me down...
and came back, Pil Joo.
Saying that having you by my side...
is my luck would be an understatement.
I'm certain the universe is on my side.
You...
don't know how sincere...
Pil Joo looks.
His eyes.
Someone with his eyes can't betray me.
I am the only one...
who gave you this much money to you...
in your life, right?
You're pathetic,
Jung Mal Ran.
I've done nothing wrong.
Kang Pil Joo who deceived me...
is the evil one...
and the jerk.
I cannot fully understand...
the dire time...
and pain...
the boy...
who walked into the water had,
so I couldn't dare to tell you...
to give up on your revenge...
and leave with me.
So I'm leaving you...
behind at Mooshimwon.
Mal Ran.
You are still the first one to come to work...
at Cheong A.
But today, you came before I did.
I'm worried if there is a problem.
The tiger has revealed his claws.
Pil Joo...
is Jang Eun Cheon,
a son Soo Man had out of wedlock.
So Eun Cheon...
has been alive all this time?
Since my brother's sons didn't show up,
I assumed they would be dead.
I just let it go...
after feeling bad for them.
And you're saying that my oldest nephew is alive.
And he is Kang Pil Joo of anyone.
The tiger has gotten himself wings now.
A tiger with wings.
Seong Man.
If Pil Joo is Jang Eun Cheon,
it isn't good news to you either.
Mal Ran.
This is my office.
I always used to...
visit you at Mooshimwon.
But now, you're visiting me in my office.
You dismissed me...
when I advised you...
to be careful of Pil Joo and treated me like a fool.
But look what you've got yourself into.
Mal Ran.
Do a proper job if you are here to beg.
Let's make...
Pil Joo and Father leave Cheong A,
split Cheong A into half,
and give each half to Yeo Cheon and Boo Cheon.
Since you personally came to my office,
I think that I can take 80 percent of Cheong A...
and give you 20 percent.
Without embellishing anything,
don't you think that I, Jang Seong Man,
have the upper hand?
Since I wouldn't want to hear I mistreated my nephew,
I will give you a break.
I'll take 60, and you'll take 40.
I will divide the affiliated companies as well.
Sure.
We must hurry.
When Father finds out Pil Joo is Jang Eun Cheon,
Father will reject him at first for being born out of wedlock,
but since it's Pil Joo,
he might...
bend his principle of banning those born out of wedlock...
from Cheong A.
My goodness. My gosh.
Even the thought makes me shudder.
If that happens,
it will be only a matter of time...
before Pil Joo eats up...
both Boo Cheon and Yeo Cheon.
It could be possible that...
Pil Joo has already revealed his identity to Grandfather.
That's possible.
Grandfather doesn't show his emotions.
And Pil Joo is worse.
Let me see.
How should I solve this equation?
It'd be easy if it was true that Boo Cheon wasn't my brother's son.
If we had been lucky,
we could have gotten rid of Pil Joo and Boo Cheon at the same time.
It's a pity.
What? What do you mean?
What?
It's nothing.
But you're old enough now.
I don't need to hide anything.
In fact,
I once had doubts...
that Boo Cheon could have been born out of wedlock.
Why did you?
My brother had...
told me something when he was drunk.
Seong Man.
You should feel sorry...
for my wife too.
So...
even if Boo Cheon isn't my son,
I...
am trying to love him even more.
It turned out to be his misunderstanding in the end.
We took a DNA test of you and Boo Cheon,
and the result said that you were cousins.
I'll take care of everything. From now on,
you only need to prove that you are a prepared chairman.
Yes, Father.
You should have all three meals with the board members.
Avoid drinking,
but if you must, only drink between meals.
Remember all the numbers on the accounting reports...
of affiliated companies up to 10,000 dollars.
If you can remember everything right,
the board members won't ever look down on you.
They will think...
that you have better management skills than others.
Yes.
Yeo Cheon,
is your promise to...
make me a chairman...
so that I can retire in honor still valid?
Of course, Father.
(Master Plan for the Dissolution of Cheong A Group's Strategy Team)
(Table of Contents)
(Removing Employees)
[VIU Ver] E21 Money Flower "How Did You Survive?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Mo Hyun.
I'm sorry I came here without calling you.
Have a seat.
Thank you for introducing me to a good attorney.
I think he's great.
Is that why you wanted to meet me?
About Cheong A Public Welfare Foundation that was established...
from funds raised after listing Daeil Distribution...
Yes?
The accounting for the foundation...
is being managed doubly again,
just like Cheong A Welfare Foundation...
and Cheong A Culture Foundation.
They will take care of...
their work by themselves.
You...
are in charge of Cheong A Welfare Foundation. Why are you...
You gave money...
raised this way as lobby funds...
to my father, didn't you?
Aide Yang merely received funds from Cheong A.
He didn't know where the money came from.
It was Cheong A's double accounting.
I'm going to find out the password and try to open it.
I'm probably going to find you...
at the end of my investigation.
My...
two favorite people are here together.
Why did you come here?
I think the foundation that was created after...
listing Daeil Distribution has a management problem.
I came here to ask him about it.
You came to the right person.
He's in charge.
He didn't give me a straight answer.
Mo Hyun,
do as you want.
You don't need to care about what others think about it.
Do everything...
you feel like doing.
Today,
our attorneys...
will be trying to reach an agreement...
with the judge.
It won't be easy for you to win this case.
My attorney assured me that...
alimony and the division of assets will all go well.
Of course.
It won't be easy to make an excuse...
for Seo Won and Ha Jung.
By the way,
there won't be any articles about our divorce.
Pil Joo is doing his best to stop them.
When are you going to tell Grandfather and Mother?
On the day of the ruling,
I'm going to deliver the court's ruling.
That's the only way they'll accept it.
Take care.
I'll call you.
(Master Plan for the Dissolution of Cheong A Group's Strategy Team)
(Table of Contents)
(Removing Employees)
We've begun the transfer of...
the Strategy Team's jobs to the Cheong A Bio Share Holding Company.
You should make a road map to make sure...
there aren't any problems during the transfer.
There won't be any if we follow the plan...
made by Attorney Kang.
No,
of course not.
I didn't like the part about...
giving more power to the board of directors...
and focusing more about social opinions...
in the first report.
Me neither.
We need to think about that again.
If the Strategy Team gets dissolved...
and the board of directors gains more power,
it's likely that the owner's family will lose power over management.
Chairman Jang.
Vice President.
As far as I know,
Honorary Chairman Jang doesn't like it when you ignore...
the opinion of the committee and carry the plan forward.
If we get more talented personnel,
Cheong A will become broader...
and deeper.
Yes. I agree with Attorney Kang's opinion.
Boo Cheon.
Chairman Jang.
Mr. Woo.
I'm still a new chairman.
Isn't strengthening my position...
the first priority?
Also, don't forget that...
making Cheong A Group the holding company is my management policy.
Yes, I do acknowledge it.
All the decisions will be made with Cheong A Bio in the center,
and me next.
Please remember that I'm in the center...
of the management.
Everyone.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Chairman Jang.
Honorary Chairman Jang is coming to have naengmyeon for lunch today.
- You should join us. - Yes.
I'm sorry, Father.
- Serve her in the kitchen. - Yes.
How about the times in VIP Room...
and Vice Chairman Jang Boo Cheon's...
That was a special occasion.
I feel uncomfortable to share my days...
with you.
Forgive me, Father.
It's upsetting.
Grandfather. Aunt. Hello.
What brings you here?
I stopped by to say hello while I was passing by.
Good job.
Secretary Ahn.
Naengmyeon's getting ready.
- I'll go wash my hands. - Okay.
If you cut just once, it's still too long.
Cut more for him.
- Yeo Cheon. - Yes, Grandfather.
Since I'm bored,
in the facility area...
I mean... Oh, yes.
I'm going to build a second home.
Grandfather. Does that mean...
Hyun Joo and I are going to move into that house?
Yes. You actually thought about...
moving in here after kicking your aunt and Boo Cheon...
out of here.
Father.
I'm not telling you to move out.
It's a second home. Second.
Grandfather.
Since you're building a new one, make a big bathroom please.
Sure. Let's make it as big as the master bedroom.
Thank you, Grandfather.
I've already dreamed of living in Mooshimwon since I was young.
Why would you dream it?
You could've just asked me.
Just like you requested,
I'll bring Boo Cheon down from his position...
and leave.
But...
give me some time.
I can't wait long.
Thank you.
Your eyes.
They were...
always firm...
when you looked at me.
Those eyes that shined sedately.
Now I realize...
they shined...
for revenge.
I was a sunflower...
every day...
following those lights...
without realizing it.
How could I have been so stupid?
Just the fact that...
you're not Kang Pil Joo,
but someone else...
breaks my heart.
You're...
not just anybody,
but Jang Eun Cheon.
It can't get any worse than this.
If your goal was not to...
bite and rip Boo Cheon and me,
you've already succeeded your revenge, Pil Joo.
You made Boo Cheon and me...
rely on you completely.
I've raised a flag of truce to you.
Even during the war,
they don't attack...
the person who raised a flag of truce...
and treat them nicely.
I'm going to...
file a nullity suit...
on fortune Boo Cheon received from Honorary Chairman Jang.
What?
The shares you obtained within the last 10 years...
and the profit made due to rise in stock price...
You have to give up all of them.
The lawsuit won't be...
brought in without Honorary Chairman's consent.
It seems like...
Honorary Chairman knows that Boo Cheon isn't...
the son of the Jangs.
He has never...
brought up this topic...
even if he knows that Boo Cheon isn't his grandson.
Would he agree...
to go on a lawsuit...
when it is likely to be leaked to outside?
I, Kang Pil Joo,
will make that happen...
as always.
(Mooshimwon)
(Unmatched)
(Paternal blood relationship is not proven.)
So Pil Joo...
drew his own blood...
and completely fooled me?
What will you do now?
If your grandfather calls me over,
it will go exactly according to our scenario.
If I bring it to him,
he might yell at me...
for spreading such dirty rumor.
Until when should I wait then?
Let's see...
(Father)
Yes, Father.
Father, there's no need to worry.
Your pure-blooded son,
Seong Man, is right in front of you.
Also, you have my son Yeo Cheon...
who is your perfect grandson.
You wasted such a long time...
being mocked by Mal Ran and Boo Cheon...
and paying attention to clever Pil Joo.
Yeo Cheon and I will compensate your time, Father.
I'm glad to hear that.
We, noble and perfect members of the Jangs,
must protect Cheong A.
Definitely, we will.
Would you tell me briefly...
about the big picture...
you drew then?
That's not necessary.
I will take care of all the complicated matters.
I just want you and Yeo Cheon...
to focus on promoting future growth...
of Cheong A.
All right, Father.
Well,
I think you also need to know this.
Actually, Pil Joo is...
Jang Eun Cheon.
He's the son of my father, the real Jangs.
Did you know this?
I did.
How?
The necklace.
The necklace I found near the river when I was in middle school...
was the one Mr. Kang lost.
And Ms. Icheon recognized it.
You met...
Pil Joo...
when you were young?
I was watching birds on the riverbank...
and ran into a boy...
walking into the river with a funeral urn.
He walked into the river...
but didn't come out after a few minutes.
So I jumped into the river and saved him.
The boy was Kang Pil Joo.
Pil Joo went...
to prison for me,
and his foster father died while he was in there.
I sent Pil Joo to prison,
but you...
saved him.
You saved Pil Joo trying to take his own life.
I found the necklace Pil Joo lost...
near the river.
I couldn't give it back...
as he had already left the town. So I kept it.
After he left the town, he came to my house...
and asked me to be a friend.
Do you know...
why he came to my house?
I need to know the truth too. Please tell me...
everything you know.
I even gave him CPR to save him,
but he tried to walk into the water again.
I think he saw...
illusions of his mom and brother who drowned when he was little.
Maybe, somebody tried...
to drown all three of them.
That someone must be...
Then...
Pil Joo came to get back at Mom.
That was the reason.
I'll drive Boo Cheon and Executive Jung out...
in my own way.
Please leave it to me...
and consent to filing a suit to nullify transfer...
of the property you bequeathed beforehand.
Attorney Kang.
Stop whatever nonsense you're up to.
You think you can take the place of Boo Cheon and Executive Jung...
after kicking them out, don't you?
If I let an out-of-wedlock birth like you run Cheong A,
all the classless jerks will try to take advantage of Cheong A.
I can't let it happen.
Our legitimacy must not be damaged.
You estranged my mother from Father...
although he loved her...
and made him marry the daughter of the bank president who lent money.
Is that...
the legitimacy you mean?
Attorney Kang.
I didn't force your dad to marry the woman.
He decided to stay within the family as he couldn't give up money.
Indeed.
The fortune was too big to ignore.
Isn't it also Cheong A's money that you want?
Under the guise of revenge, you aim to get money in the end.
Be honest, Attorney Kang.
Go inside. It's cold.
Boo Cheon.
I don't want to see you again for a while.
Why not?
I want to put an end to our relationship with divorce.
I know you still want me...
and love me.
But I can't embrace it,
so I think we should stop seeing each other.
Mo Hyun.
We need to talk.
I'll wait for you at Yong Goo's studio.
Open the door, Pil Joo!
Kang Pil Joo!
Kang Pil Joo! Kang Pil Joo!
(Will)
(Testator: Jang Boo Cheon)
(Money Flower)